.. link: 
.. description: 
.. tags: 
.. date: 2014/02/08 12:19:51
.. title: Research
.. slug: research

Type Ia Supernova Cosmology with the Dark Energy Survey
-------------------------------------------------------

I'm currently a member of the Dark Energy Survey, in the supernova
working group. Over the past year we have been analyzing the science
verification data and getting ready for the official start of the
survey, in Fall 2013. I have also been working on photometric type
determination of supernovae.

Type Ia Supernova Rates and the Type Ia Progenitor
--------------------------------------------------

My graduate work was with the Supernova Cosmology Project at Lawrence
Berkeley National Lab. My thesis focused on Type Ia supernova rates,
particularly in galaxy clusters. In Barbary et al. (2012a) we
published the highest-redshift cluster SN rate measurement, using it
to constrain the SN Ia progenitor scenario via the delay time
distribution.

In Barbary et al. (2012b) we presented the volumetric SN Ia rate from
the survey, adding signifcantly to rate statistics at redshifts of 1 and above.

An overview of the survey was presented in Dawson et al. (2009) and
cosmology results from the HST Cluster Supernova Survey were presented
in Suzuki et al. (2012). See the `HST Cluster Survey website`_ for
more details.

The Superluminous Supernova SCP06F6
-----------------------------------

I published the discovery of the very unusual transient SCP06F6 in
Barbary et al. (2009). Discovered during the course of the HST Cluster
Supernova Survey, SCP06F6 has become a prototype event for a new class
of superluminous supernovae (Pastorello et al. 2010; Quimby et
al. 2011).

.. _`HST Cluster Survey website`: http://supernova.lbl.gov/2009ClusterSurvey/
